

# Business Standard CHANDIGARH | FRIDAY, 23 JANUARY 2026 15

## FORM G
### INVITATION FOR EXPRESSION OF INTEREST FOR
### IMPEX FERRO TECH LIMITED
### OPERATING IN IRON AND STEEL AT BURDWAN WEST BENGAL
(Under sub-regulation (1) of regulation 36A of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (Insolvency Resolution Process for Corporate Persons) Regulations, 2016)

#### RELEVANT PARTICULARS
1.  **Name of the corporate debtor along with PAN & CIN/LLP No.**  
    Impex Ferro Tech Limited  
    PAN-AAACF448R  
    CIN-L27101WB1995PLC071996
2.  **Address of the registered office**  
    35, Chittaranjan Avenue, 4th Floor, Kolkata, West Bengal 700013
3.  **URL of website**  
    www.ImpexFerroTech.com
4.  **Details of place where majority of fixed assets are located**  
    Kadavita Dendua Road, P.O. Kalyaneshwar, P.S. Kulti, Dist-Burdwan, West Bengal-713369
5.  **Installed capacity of main product/services**  
    Installed capacity - Submerged Arc Furnace 1no 3.60 MVA, 1 no. 5 MVA, 2 nos 7.5MVA, 1 nos 8.5MVA & 30 MW Power Plant
6.  **Quantity and value of main products/services sold in last financial year**  
    | Year | Qty (MT) | Sale (Rs. Crs) |
    | :--- | :--- | :--- |
    | 2022-23 | 17751.30 | 143.38 |
    | 2023-24 | 300.00 | 38.83 |
    | 2024-25 | - | 0.38 |
    | Note* Factory is closed from October 2022. |
    | Please refer financials results of the corporate debtor available on website: www.ImpexFerroTech.com |
7.  **Number of employees/workman**  
    The plant was operational till October 2022. As per annual report of March' 2025 there were no Employees/ Workmen on the payroll of Company.
8.  **Further details including last available financial statements (with schedule) of two years, list of creditors are available at URL:**  
    Refer Investor's Corner tab on https://www.ImpexFerroTech.com/investors_services.  
    Refer CIRP tab on www.ImpexFerroTech.com or send an email to cirp.ti@gmail.com for relevant dates and detailed Expression of Interest
9.  **Eligibility for resolution applicants under section 25(2)(h) of the Code is available at URL:**  
    Refer Expression of Interest (EOI) process document at available under CIRP tab on www.ImpexFerroTech.com or send an email to cirp.ti@gmail.com
10. **Last date for receipt of expression of interest**  
    9th February 2026
11. **Date of issue of provisional list of prospective resolution applicants**  
    19th February 2026
12. **Last date for submission of objections to provisional list**  
    24th February 2026
13. **Date of Issue of final list of prospective resolution applicants**  
    6th March 2026
14. **Date of issue of information memorandum, evaluation matrix and request for resolution plan to prospective resolution applicants**  
    11th March 2026
15. **Last date for submission of resolution plans**  
    10th April 2026
16. **Process email ID to submit Expression of Interest**  
    cirp.ti@gmail.com

Ashok Kumar Sarawagi  
(BBMIPA-001/P-PO0171/2017-18/10340)  
Resolution Professional  
Impex Ferro Tech Limited  
Email: cirp.ti@gmail.com  
Address Registered with IBBI: Poddar Court, 18, Rabindra Sarani, Gata no 3, 5th Floor, Room No-4, Kolkata - 700001  
Date: 23rd January 2026  
Place: Kolkata  
Email:sarawagilashok@gmail.com, AFA valid till June 30, 2025

----

## Genus Power Infrastructures Limited
(Registered Office: G-123, Sector-63, Noida-201307, Uttar Pradesh)  
Corporate Office: SPL-3, RICO Industrial Area, Sitapura, Tonk Road, Jaipur-302022, Rajasthan  
(Tel.: +81-120-2581899, E-mail: ca@genus.in, Website: www.genuspower.com;  
CIN: L51909UP1992PLC0051997)

### NOTICE OF RECORD DATE

Scheme of Arrangement amongst Genus Power Infrastructures Limited ("Company") or "Demerged Company"), Genus Prime Infra Limited ("Resulting Company"), Sansar Infrastructure Private Limited, Star Vanllya Private Limited, Sunima Trading Private Limited, and Yajur Commodities Limited and their respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ("Scheme")

With reference to the above Scheme and pursuant to Regulation 42 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company has fixed the Record Date as Friday, February 06, 2026, for the purpose of determining the shareholders of the Company to whom fully paid up equity shares of the Resulting Company shall be issued in consideration for the demerger of the Investment Business Division of the Company into the Resulting Company.

In view of the above, the Equity shareholders of the company whose names are recorded in the Register of Members and Records of Depositories as a Member of the Company on Friday, February 06, 2026, being the Record Date fixed by the Board of Directors, will be entitled for allotment of (1) (One) Equity share of face value ₹2/- each of the Resulting Company as fully paid up for every 6 (Six) Equity shares of face value of ₹1/- (One) each of the Company.

After the allotment of the Equity Shares by the Resulting Company, it would also complete necessary formalities and undertake steps to have the said Equity Shares listed on the stock exchange where its existing Equity Shares are listed.

In case any member holds equity shares in the Demerged Company in physical form, the Resulting Company will not issue its equity shares to such member but will, subject to Applicable Laws, issue the corresponding equity shares in dematerialized form into the Suspense Escrow account opened in the name of the Resulting Company where such equity shares will be held on behalf of such member. The equity shares of the Resulting Company so held in Suspense Escrow account shall be transferred to the respective member once such member provides details of his/ her demat account to the Resulting Company, along with such documents as may be required, by sending an email to cs.genusprime@gmail.com. The respective member shall have all the rights of the shareholders of Resulting Company, including the right to receive dividend, voting rights and other corporate benefits, pending the transfer/transmission of equity shares from the suspense escrow account.

Any fractional entitlement arising out of the issue and allotment of the shares issued by the Resulting Company, shall be rounded up to the next integer and be issued free from all liens, charges, equitable interests, encumbrances and other third-party rights of any nature whatsoever.

The equity shares to be issued by the Resulting Company, in respect of equity shares of the Demerged Company which are held in abeyance under the provisions of Section 126 of the Companies Act, 2013 (erstwhile Section 206A of the Companies Act, 1956) or are otherwise shall, pending allotment or settlement of the dispute by order of a court or otherwise, also be kept in abeyance by the Resulting Company.

The Information contained in this Notice is available on the website of the Company at https://genuspower.com/ and also on the website of the Stock Exchanges viz. BSE Limited at https://www.bseindia.com/ and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited at https://www.nseindia.com/.

For Genus Power Infrastructures Limited  
Place : Jaipur  
(Puran Singh Rathore)  
Date : January 22, 2026  
Joint Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

----

## PICCADILY AGRO INDUSTRIES LIMITED
CIN: L01115HR1994PLC032244, Regd. Office: Village Bhadson, Umr-Indri Road, Teh: Indri, Distt Kamal, Haryana-132109, Phone No. 0172-2997651.  
Website: www.piccadily.com; E-mail: ir@piccadily.com

### STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED UN-AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE QUARTER ENDED 31ST DECEMBER 2025  
(Rs. in lakhs except for EPS Data)

|Sr. No.|Particulars|Quarter Ended 31.12.2025 (Unaudited)|Nine Month Ended 30.09.2025 (Unaudited)|Year Ended 31.12.2024 (Unaudited)|31.12.2024 (Unaudited)|31.03.2025 (Audited)|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1.|Total Income from Operation (Net)|31,523.12|23,430.30|20832.32|77,820.82|61882.64|
|2.|Net Profit / (Loss) for the period (before tax, exceptional and/or extra ordinary items)|6,750.30|3,510.09|3616.29|12,747.14|8845.24|
|3.|Net Profit / Loss for the period before tax (after exceptional and/ or extra ordinary items)|6,750.30|3,514.46|3616.29|12,751.91|8845.24|
|4.|Net Profit / Loss for the period after tax (after extraordinary item)|4761.14|2600.39|2448.02|9,217.27|6268.74|
|5.|Total Comprehensive Income for the period (comprising Profit/Loss) for the period (after tax) and other Comprehensive Income (after tax)|4804.82|2708.46|2398.16|9473.85|6268.20|
|6.|Equity Share Capital (Paid up)|9849.77|9849.77|9433.89|9849.77|9433.84|
|7.|Other Equity (As at year end)|||||58574.90|
|8.|Earning per share of Rs. 10/- each (for continuing and discontinued operations)||||||
||1. Basic|4.63|2.74|2.63|9.56|6.62|
||2. Diluted|4.63|2.72|2.63|9.52|6.62|
|||||||10.84|


**NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS:**

1.  The above consolidated financial results have been prepared in accordance with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (Ind AS) prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015 and other relevant amendments thereunder.

2.  The above consolidated financial results have been reviewed by the Audit Committee in their meeting held on 7th January, 2026 and approved by Board of Directors in their meeting held on 21st January, 2026.

3.  One of the business segment is of seasonal nature, the performance in any quarter may not be representative of the annual performance of the company.

4.  The previous period/ year's figures have been regrouped wherever necessary to confirm to this period's classification.

5.  Commercial production at the Chhattisgarh Unit commenced on 31st December, 2025.

The abstract of Un-Audited Standalone Financial Results for the quarter ended 31st December 2025, as given below:

|Particulars|Quarter Ended 31.12.2025 (Unaudited)|Nine Month Ended 30.09.2025 (Unaudited)|Year Ended 31.12.2024 (Unaudited)|31.12.2024 (Unaudited)|31.03.2025 (Audited)|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Total Revenue from operations|31,523.12|23,430.30|20832.32|77,820.84|61882.64|
|Profit before tax from continuing operations|6,903.04|3,965.69|3672.00|12,899.97|8963.39|
|Profit after tax from continuing operations|4,813.87|2,660.78|2504.73|9,365.27|6427.93|
|Net profit / Loss for the period after Tax (After extra ordinary items)|4,813.87|2,660.78|2504.73|9,365.27|6427.93|
|Total Comprehensive Income for the period|4,813.87|2,660.78|2504.73|9,365.27|6427.93|
|Paid up Equity share capital|9,849.77|9,849.77|9433.83|9,849.77|9433.83|


For Piccadily Agro Industries Limited  
Place: Gurugram  
Harvinder Singh Chopra  
Managing Director  
Din-00120891  
Date: 21.01.2026

----

## IDFC FIRST Bank Limited
(erstwhile Capital First Limited and amalgamated with IDFC Bank Limited)  
CIN : L65110TN2014PLC097792  
Registered Office: - KRM Towers, 8th Floor, Harrington Road, Chetpet, Chennai- 600031.  
Tel : +91 44 4564 4000 | Fax: +91 44 4564 4022

### APPENDIX IV [Rule 8(1)]  
### POSSESSION NOTICE  
**(For immovable property)**

Whereas the undersigned being the Authorised Officer of the IDFC FIRST Bank Limited (erstwhile Capital First Limited and amalgamated with IDFC Bank Limited) under the Securitization and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002 and in exercise of powers conferred under section 13(12) read with rule 3 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 issued a demand notice dated 30.10.2025 calling upon the borrower, co-borrowers and guarantors (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 issued a demand notice dated 30.10.2025 calling upon the borrower, co-borrowers and guarantors

1.  SURINDER YADAV, 2. SUMAN SURINDER YADAV, to repay the amount mentioned in the notice being INR 15,65,761.92/- (Rupees Fifteen Lakh Sixty Five Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty One and Ninety Two Paise Only) as on 27.10.2025 within 60 days from the date of receipt of the said Demand notice.

The borrowers having failed to repay the amount, notice is hereby given to the borrower and the public in general that the undersigned has taken Possession of the property described herein below in exercise of powers conferred on him under sub - section (4) of section 13 of Act read with rule 8 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 on this 21th day of JAN 2026.

The borrowers in particular and the public in general is hereby cautioned not to deal with the property and any dealings with the property will be subject to the charge of THE IDFC FIRST Bank Limited (erstwhile Capital First Limited and amalgamated with IDFC Bank Limited) for an amount of INR 15,65,761.92/- (Rupees Fifteen Lakh Sixty Five Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty One and Ninety Two Paise Only) and interest thereon.

The borrower's attention is invited to provisions of sub - Section (8) Of Section 13 of the Act, in respect of time available, to redeem the secured assets.

#### DESCRIPTION OF THE IMMOVABLE PROPERTIES.

ALL THE PIECE AND PARCEL OF PLOT NO. 65, MEASURING 133 SQ. YD. SITUATED AT KHASRA NO. 70/14, KHTA NO. 98/123, KHASRA NO. 70/3/2, 4/2, 7, 8, KHTA NO. 96/121, HADBAST NO. 40, JAMABANDI YEAR 2012-2013, HIRA NAGAR COLONY, AMBALA CITY IN VILLAGE PATTI RANGRA, TESHIL AND DISTRICT: AMBALA, HARYANA-134003, AND BOUNDED AS:- EAST: RASTA 20 FT. WIDE, WEST: PLOT NO. 56, NORTH: PLOT NO. 64, SOUTH: PLOT NO. 66

Date: 21-01-2026  
Place: HARYANA  
Loan Account No: 59607500  
Authorised Officer  
IDFC FIRST Bank Limited (erstwhile Capital First Limited and amalgamated with IDFC Bank Limited)

----

## SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED
Registered Office: Limited registered office at Sri Towers, Plot No.14A, South Phase, Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai Tamil Nadu-600032, Tamil Nadu, and Wockhardt Towers, Level-3, C-2, G Block, Badra-Kurle Complex, Bandra (East) Mumbai-400051

### Branch Office: HANUMANGHAR ROAD OPP PETROL PUMP NERA FLY OVER ABOHAR

### SYMBOLIC POSSESSION NOTICE

Where as, the undersigned being the authorised officer of Shriram Finance Limited (SFL) under the provisions of the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002 (said Act) and in exercise of powers conferred under Section 13(12) of the said Act read with Rule 3 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 (said Rules) issued demand notices to the Borrowers details of which are mentioned in the table below to repay the amount mentioned in the said demand notices.

The Borrowers having failed to repay the amount, notice is hereby given to the Borrowers and the public in general that the undersigned has taken Symbolic Possession of the property described herein below In exercise of powers conferred on him/her under Section 13(4) of the said Act read with rule 8 of the said Rules, on this 17th day of January 2026.

**Name and Address of Borrower/Co-Borrower** | **Description of Property** | **Amount due as per Demand Notice & Demand Notice Dated**
--- | --- | ---
Mr. Amarpal Singh S/o Mr. Jagtar Singh , R/o Jandwala Meera Sangla Fazilka , Punjab, 152128 Mrs. Sandeep Kaur W/o Amarpal Singh S/o Mr. Jagtar Singh R/o Jandwala Meera Sangla Fazilka , Punjab, 152128 Mr. Gurpreet Singh S/o Mr. Jagtar Singh , R/o Jandwala Meera Sangla Fazilka , Punjab, 152128 | Cdabotf2111260015 -description To Pay Rs. 2160168.72 Twenty one lakh sixty thousand one hundred sixty eight rupees and seventy two paisa Immovable Property House only Measuring 1 KIs 3 4.50 Sarsahi A/c No: - CDABOTF2111260015 Detailed As Under: 1) Property Demand Notice dated 29-10-2025 Measuring 0 KI 5 Mis 2.25 Sarsahi 2) Property Measuring 0 KI 5 Mis 2.25 Sarsahi 21/316 Share Of Total 3 KIs 19 Mis Comprised in Rect No.100 Killa No.22/1/1(3-19) Khowat No 934 Khatoni No.1147& 2) Property Measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 Share Of Total 1 KIs 1 Mis Comprised In Rect No.100 Killa 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.934 Khatoni No. 1147 & 2) Property measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.930 Khatoni No. 1140 & 3) Property Measuring 0 KI 16 Mis 4.50 Sarsahi 33/522 Share Of Total 13 KIs 1 Mis Comprised In Khowat No.166 Khatoni No. 196 Situated At Village Jandwala Mira Sangla Tehsil Fazilka As Per Jamabandi For The Year 2018-2019( Transfer Deed No.2021-22/56/1/2982 Dated:28-10-2021)& | 21/316 Share Of Total 3 KIs 19 Mis Comprised in Rect No.100 Killa No.22/1/1(3-19) Khowat No 934 Khatoni No.1147& 2) Property Measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 Share Of Total 1 KIs 1 Mis Comprised In Rect No.100 Killa 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.934 Khatoni No. 1147 & 2) Property measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.930 Khatoni No. 1140 & 3) Property measuring 0 KI 16 Mis 4.50 Sarsahi 33/522 share of total 13 KIs 1 Mis comprized in Khowat No.166 Khatoni No. 196 situated at village Jandwala Mira Sangla Tehsil Fazilka as per Jamabandi for the year 2018-2019( Transfer Deed No 2021-22/56/1/2981 Dated:28-10-2021).

Ownership Sandeep Kaur: Immoveable property House measuring 1 KI 3 Mis 4.50 Sarsabi detailed as under.

1)  Property measuring 0 KI 5 Mis 2.25 Sarsahi 21/316 share of total 3 KIs 19 Mis comprised in Rect No.100 Killa No.22/1/1(3-19) Khowat No.934 Khatoni No. 1147 & 2) Property measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.930 Khatoni No. 1140 & 3) Property measuring 0 KI 16 Mis 4.50 Sarsahi 33/522 share of total 13 KIs 1 Mis comprized in Khowat No.166 Khatoni No. 196 situated at village Jandwala Mira Sangla Tehsil Fazilka as per Jamabandi for the year 2018-2019( Transfer Deed No 2021-22/56/1/2981 Dated:28-10-2021).

This notice is also hereby to caution the general public at large that the authorized officer of SFL is in the lawful Symbolic Possession of the immovable property mentioned herein above and the Borrowers or any person shall not after receipt of this notice transfer by way of sale, lease or otherwise deal with/ alienate any of the above-mentioned secured assets referred to in this notice, without prior written consent of SFL.

Date : 17.01.2026  
Place: Fazilka  
Authorised Officer, Shriram Finance Limited

----

## SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED
Registered Office: Limited registered office at Sri Towers, Plot No.14A, South Phase, Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai Tamil Nadu-600032, Tamil Nadu, and Wockhardt Towers, Level-3, C-2, G Block, Badra-Kurle Complex, Bandra (East) Mumbai-400051

### Branch Office: BIBI WALA ROAD BATHINDA

### SYMBOLIC POSSESSION NOTICE

Where as, the undersigned being the authorised officer of Shriram Finance Limited (SFL) under the provisions of the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002 (said Act) and in exercise of powers conferred under Section 13(12) of the said Act read with Rule 3 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 (said Rules) issued demand notices to the Borrowers details of which are mentioned in the table below to repay the amount mentioned in the said demand notices.

The Borrowers having failed to repay the amount, notice is hereby given to the Borrowers and the public in general that the undersigned has taken Symbolic Possession of the property described herein below in exercise of powers conferred on him/her under Section 13(4) of the said Act read with rule 8 of the said Rules, on this 17th day of JAN '2026.

**Name and Address of Borrower/Co-Borrower** | **Description of Property** | **Amount due as per Demand Notice & Demand Notice Dated**
--- | --- | ---
Mr. Avtar Singh S/o Jaswant Singh, Gurudwara Tibi Sahib Road, Sada Patti, Jaitu, Faridkot, Jaitu, Punjab. 151202 Mrs. Rajpal Kaur W/o: Aviar Singh, Gurudwara Tibbl Sahib Road, Sada Patti, Jaitu, Faridkot, Jaitu, Punjab. 151202 | Bhatitf1703310010-Description Of The Immovable Property Property Measuring 8 Marle 3 one only Sarsaiyan, 1.e 75/2979 Share Of A/c No: - BHATITF1703310010 Demand Notice dated 29-10-2025 Khasra No 826 (16/11) Khewat/ Khatuni No 499/732As Per Jamabandi For The Year 2014-15 Jaitu 2, house No 231 Ward No 3, Tibbi Sahib Road Jaitu | To Pay Rs.2091551.00 Twenty lakh ninety one thousand five hundred fifty one only

This notice is also hereby to caution the general public at large that the authorized officer of SFL is in the lawful Symbolic Possession of the immovable property mentioned herein above and the Borrowers or any person shall not after receipt of this notice transfer by way of sale, lease or otherwise deal with/ alienate any of the above-mentioned secured assets referred to in this notice, without prior written consent of SFL.

Date : 17.01.2026  
Place: Bathinda  
Authorised Officer, Shriram Finance Limited

----

## CSL Finance Limited
Reg. off.: 410-412,18/12, 4th Floor, W.E.A, Arya Samaj Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi-110005, Corp. off.: 716-717, 7th Floor, Tower B, World Trade Tower, Sector 16, Noida,201301, UttarPradesh, Ph.: +91 120 4290650/52/53/54/55, Email: info@csifinance.in, Legal@csifinance.in, Web.: www.csifinance.in

### PUBLIC AUCTION NOTICE FOR SALE OF IMMOVABLE PROPERTY UNDER THE SECURITISATION AND RECONSTRUCTION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE SECURITY INTEREST ACT 2002 ("SARFAESI Act 2002")

Notice is hereby given to the public in general that the below mentioned Borrower/Co-Borrower mortgaged the Immovable Property (which is described hereunder) to CSL Finance Limited ("Lender"), and the symbolic possession of the said Immovable Property ("Secured Asset/Property") has been taken over by the Authorized Officer of the Lender in accordance of the SARFAESI Act 2002 and rules framed thereto. The Secured Asset will be sold by the Lender through public auction by bidding for realization of the loan dues, along with the applicable Interest, fees, charges and costs etc. The Secured Asset is being sold on and the bidding will be held on "AS IS, AS IS WHAT IS, WHATEVER THERE IS AND WITHOUT RECOURSE BASIS" under the rule number 8 & 9 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules (hereinafter referred to as the rules) and on the terms and conditions specified here-under:

**Borrower/Security Provider: Hunamal Sharma**  
**Co-Borrower : Ashok Kumar**  
**Address- 80 C East Pana Adampur East Pana Adampur Mandi, Hisar Hayzri 125052**  
**Loan Account No.: SMEHISO10002494**  
**Co-Borrower : Ashok Kumar**  
**Address- 80 C East Pana Adampur East Pana Adampur Mandi, Hisar Hayzri 125052**  
**Amount dues as per Demand Notice dated 04.03.2025: Rs 20,11,853/- (Rupees Twenty Lakh Eleven Thousand Eight Hundred and Fifty Three Only) as on 03.03.2025 along with future Interest, fees, costs and charges. Total Amount outstanding as on 21.01.2026: Rs.24,99,648/- (Rupees Twenty-Four Lakhs Ninety Nine Thousand Six Hundred and Forty-Eight Only) along with future Interest, fees, costs and charges.**

|Title Holder Name|Property Description|Place, Date and Time of the Auction of the Secured Asset.|Reserve price/ EMD/Bid Increment|
|-|-|-|-|
|Hunamal Sharma|Land Measuring 00K-09M Being ½ Share Out of The Total Land Measuring 00K-18M Comprised in Khowat No.1109, Khataduni No.2084 Khasra No.359/(0-18) As Per Jamabandi For The Year 2002-2003 of Village Adampur Situated at Adampur Tehsil Adampur District Hisar. Boundaries And Dimensions Of The Immovable Property Are As Under: - As Per Actual/Technical Valuation Report: North- 30.5 Ft and Co Street 15 Ft Wide, South- 30.5 Ft and House Of Baluram, East-76.25 Ft and House of Richepal, West-76.25 Ft and House of Krishan Lal.|Date: 24th February -2026 Time: 11:00 AM Place CSL FINANCE LIMITED|Reserve Price: Rs. 15,00,000/- EMD: Minimum 15% of Reserve Price. i.e., Rs.2,25,000/-|


Last Date and time for submission of the request letter for participation along with KYC Documents/ Proof of EMD etc. 23rd February -2026 at 4:00PM

**DATE AND TIME FOR INSPECTION OF THE SECURED ASSETS: FROM 23/01/2026 TO 23/02/2026 BETWEEN 11:00 AM TO 3:00 PM**

**Details of the Authorized Officer's: Name: Mr. Ravinder. Email: legal@csifinance.in Mob No. 9773896803**

**Terms and Conditions of the Public Auction are as under: 1. Public Auction is being held on "AS IS WHERE IS, AS IS WHAT IS AND WITHOUT RECOURSE BASIS" and is being sold with all the existing and future encumbrances whether known or unknown to CSL Finance Limited. The bid form, Declaration, General Terms and Conditions of Public Auction can be obtained from office of CSL FINANCE LIMITED Office at Shop No. 17, 2nd Floor, Mahabir Colony, B.M.K Market, Behind Hive Hotel, G.T Road, Panipat, Haryana - 122108 2. The Secured asset will not be sold below the Reserve Price. 3. To the best of the knowledge and information of the Authorized Officer, there is no encumbrance on the property. However, it is necessary that the Intending bidders should make their own independent inquiries regarding any claims, charges, dues, encumbrances and should satisfy about the title, extent/measurement of the property prior to submitting their bid. For any discrepancy in the property the participating bidder is solely responsible for all future recourses from the date of submission of bid. 4. The sale is subject to confirmation by the Authorized officer, if the Borrower/guarantor pays the entire outstanding in full before sale, no sale will be conducted. 5. No claim of whatsoever nature regarding the property put up for sale, charges/encumbrances over the property or on any other matter etc. will be entertained after submission of the bid. 6. The Authorized Officer/CSL will not be responsible for any charge, lien, encumbrance, property tax dues, electricity dues etc. or any other dues to the Government, local authority or anybody, in respect of the property under sale. 7. The Public Auction notice/advertisement does not constitute and will not be deemed to constitute any offer, commitment or any representation of CSL Finance Limited. The Authorized Officer/CSL shall not be responsible in any way for any third party claims/rights/dues. 8. The Sale shall be subject to the rules/conditions prescribed under the SARFAESI Act 2002 and rules thereto. 9. It shall be the responsibility of the bidders to inspect (a) the title and link documents and (b) the property and satisfy themselves about the secured asset and specification before submitting the bid. Before entering the premises for inspection, it is necessary that the interested purchaser shall provide their identity, address and contact details in the register confirming their entry and exit from property under their signature. 10. The interested bidders shall submit their bids along with EMD, which shall be payable only through D.D/NEFT/ RGTs in favour of CSL Finance Limited payable at Noida on or before the last day and time mentioned above. 11. The Bids along with other documents must be submitted to the Authorized Officer in a sealed envelope mentioning "Offer for Purchase- Mr. Hunamal Sharma, LAN: SMEHIS010002494 to reach the Authorized Officer on or before the last date of submission of the Bids. 12. The bidder is supposed to submit the following documents at the time of submission of the bid: i) Proof of EMD paid ii) copy of the Pan Card iii) Proof of identification/ Address proof/Aadhaar Card/KYC (self-attested copies) without which the bid is liable to be rejected. 13. The bidder alone can participate in the public auction proceeding and no other person is permitted. 14. The successful Bidder must deposit 25% of the purchase amount (after adjusting the EMD already paid) immediately upon the acceptance of the offer and declaration of the successful bidder by the Authorized officer, failing which the EMD paid shall be forfeited and cannot be claimed by the bidder from CSL Finance Limited. 15. The balance 75% of the purchase amount must be deposited by the successful bidder within 15 days, failing which the amounts already deposited by the bidder shall stand automatically forfeited without further notice and no request for refunds whatsoever shall be entertained. Further, the property will be put to re-auction and the defaulting bidder shall have no claim/right in respect of the property/amount and will not be eligible to participate in the re-auction. If any, 16. No Interest is applicable to EMD or any amount deposited by the bidders/successful bidder in respect of sale of secured asset. 17. The Purchaser/successful bidder shall bear the (a) applicable stamp duty/registration/transfer charges; (b) all the statutory, non-statutory, conversion, electricity, sewage charges, any dues, cess, fees, taxes, rates, assessment charges etc. owing to any person, association or authority shall be borne by the successful Bidder only. 18. Sale certificate shall be issued in the prescribed format in favor of successful bidder only. 19. The successful bidder shall have to arrange for registration etc., and his/her/its cost of the sale certificate as per the provisions of prevailing Stamp and Registration Act. The successful bidder shall bear the charges for conveyance, registration fee, stamp duty, fees etc. as applicable. 20. In case of sale of property subject to any encumbrances, the successful bidder/purchaser shall deposit money required to discharge the encumbrance including interest, cost, expenses etc. If any to the Authorized officer. 21. In case if the public auction is stopped, stayed, postponed or rescheduled or cancelled, a public notice will be put on the notice board of CSL branch and no personalized/individual communication in this regard will be sent to any of the bidders or otherwise. 22. Submission of bid by the bidders is construed that they have read, understood and accepted the terms and conditions governing the public auction. 23. EMD of unsuccessful bidders shall be returned to the closure of auction proceedings. 24. The Authorized officer is not bound to accept the highest offer/bid and the Authorized officer has absolute right to accept or reject any or all offer(s) or adjourn/postpone/cancel the public auction without assigning any reason thereof. 25. For more information please contact with Authorized officer: 9773896803**

Date: 22.01.2026  
Place: Hisar (Haryana)  
Sd/-  
Authorized Officer,  
CSL Finance Ltd.

----

## KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK LTD.
Corporate Identity No. L65110MH1985PLC038137  
Registered Office: - 27 BKC, C 27, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 061. Regional Office, Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., BPCAH Mall, 2nd Floor, 68,68/1, Rajaghar Road, Industrial Area, Moll Nagar, New Delhi -110015. Branch Office: - KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK LTD., SCO -155-154-155, 1ST FLOOR, SECTOR 9 C, CHANDIGARH, 160009 & SCO 2, SCD 120, 6TH FLOOR, FEROZE BANDH MARKET, LUDHIANA, 141001

### PUBLIC NOTICE FOR AUCTION CUM SALE

Notice is hereby given to the public in general and in particular to the Borrower/Co-Borrower/Guarantor/Mortgagor that the below described Immovable property mortgaged to Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd, and the Physical Possession of which has been taken over by the Authorised Officer of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd, which will be sold on "AS IS WHERE IS" "WHATEVER THERE IS" AND "AS IS WHAT IS" basis. Offers are invited to take part in e-auction through the Web Portal of our e-Auction Service Partner, M/s.C1 India Pvt Ltd (www.c1india.com) Le https://www.bankauctions.com by the undersigned for sale of the immovable property of which particulars are given below:-

**Name of the Mortgagors** | **Demand Notice Date and Amount** | **Description of the Immovable properties** | **Reserve Price** | **Date of Inspection of Immovable properties**
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
1. Mrs. Shivanl W/O Mr. Vikram Kumar (Borrower/Mortgagor) 2. Mrs. Usha Sachar W/O LT. Sh. R. k Sachar (Co-Borrower/ Mortgagor) 3. Mr. Vikram Kumar S/O Mr. Harish Kumar (Co-Borrower) (Loan Account No. LAP-18122702) | Demand Notice Dated 13-08-2024 Amount: Rs. 37,50,141/- (RUPEES Thirty- Seven Lakhs Fifty Thousand and Forty-One Only) | ALL THE PARTS AND PARCEL OF THE PROPERTIES BEARING ADDRESS: Plot No. 1573, Measuring 250 Square, Yards situated at Phase-II, Urban Estate, Dhandari Kalan, (PUDA), and Ludhiana 141010. In the name of Mrs. Shivanl W/O Mr. Vikram Kumar & Mrs. Usha Sachar W/O Late Sh. R.K Sachar. Boundaries: East: Plot No. 1572, 75'00", West: Plot No. 1574, 75'00", North: Road, 30 Ft, South: Green Well, 30'00" | Rs. 1,45,90,800/- (Rupees One Crore Forty-Five Lakhs Ninety Thousand Eight Hundred Only) | 13/02/2026 11:00 hrs. – 12:00 hrs. |

|||||Date/ time of Auction|
|-|-|-|-|-|
|||||17/02/2026 from 11:00 hrs. to 12:00 hrs.|
|||||Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 10% of Bid Amount|
|||||Type of Possession: Physical|


**Last Date for Submission of Offers / EMD: - 16/02/2026 till 5.00 pm.**

**Important Terms & Conditions of Sale:**

(1) The Auction is conducted as per the further Terms and Conditions of the Bid document and as per the procedure set out therein. Bidders may go through the website of our E-Auction Service Provider, M/s.C1 India Pvt Ltd i.e. https://www.bankauctions.com_ for bid documents, the details of the secured asset put up for e-Auction and the Bid Form which will be submitted to the authorized officer at the branch office/regional office as provided herein;

(2) All the intending purchasers/bidders are required to register their name in the Web Portal mentioned above as https://www.bankauctions.com and generate their User ID and Password in free of cost of their own to participate in the e-Auction on the date and time aforesaid;

(3) For any enquiry, Information, support, procedure and online training on e-Auction, the prospective bidders may contact the M/s C1 India Pvt Ltd Department of our e-Auction Service Partner Mr. P Dharani Krishna, through Tel. No.: +91 7291971124,25,26_, Mobile No.: 9948182222 & E-mail ID: andhra@ctindia.com & support@bankeauctions.com;

(4) To the best of knowledge and information of the Authorised officer, there is no encumbrance in the properties/ies. However, the intending bidders may inspect the property and its documents as mentioned above or any other date & time with prior appointment and they should make their own independent inquiries regarding the encumbrance, title of properties put on e-Auction and claims/rights/affecting the property prior to submitting their bid. The e-Auction advertisement does not constitute any commitment or any representation of KMBL. The property is being sold with all the existing and future encumbrances whether known or unknown to KMBL. The Authorised officer/Secured Creditor shall not be responsible in any way for any third party claims/rights/dues;

(5) For participating in the e-Auction, Intending purchasers/bidders will have to submit/upload In the Web Portal (https://www.bankauctions.com) the details of payment of interest-free refundable Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) of the secured asset as mentioned above by way of Demand Draft in favour of 'Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited' payable at Ludhiana/Chandigarh/Delhi along with self-attested copies of the PAN Card, Aadhaar Card, Residence Address Proof, Board Resolutions in case of company and Address Proof as specified above along with the requisite bid/tender form in this regard.

(6) The EMD of all other bidders who did not succeed in the e-Auction will be refunded by KMBL within 72 working hours of the closure of the e-Auction. The EMD will not carry any interest;

(7) The balance amount of purchase consideration shall be payable by the Successful Purchaser/ Bidder on or before the fifteenth (15th) day from the date of 'Confirmation of Sale' of the said secured asset by the Authorised Officer/ Secured Creditor or such extended period as may be agreed upon in writing by the Authorised Officer at his/ her discretion. In case of default, all amounts deposited till then shall be liable to be forfeited;

(8) For inspection of property or more information, the prospective bidders may contact the Authorised Representative, Mr. Ashok Motwani (Mobile No.: +91 9873737351, E-mail ID: Ashok.motwani@kotak.com);

(9) At any stage of the e-Auction, the Authorised Officer may accept/reject/modify/cancel the bid/offer or postpone the e-Auction without assigning any reason thereof and without any prior notice. In case any bid is rejected, Authorised Officer can negotiate with any of the rendered or Intending bidders or other parties for sale of property by Private Treaty;

(10) Sale is subject to the confirmation by the Authorised Officer. The Successful Purchaser/ Bidder shall bear any statutory dues, taxes, fees, payable, stamp duty, registration fees, etc. that is required to be paid in order to get the property conveyed/delivered in his/her/its favour as per the applicable law;

(11) The sale shall be subject to rules/conditions prescribed under the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002, as amended from time to time; it shall solely be the responsibility of the Successful Bidder/ Purchaser to get the sale registered. All expenses relating to stamp duty, registration charges, transfer charges and any other expenses and charges in respect of the registration of the sale for the above referred property shall be borne by the Successful Bidder/ Purchaser. The sale has to be registered at the earliest else the purchaser has to give the request letter to KMBL mentioning the reason of delaying the registration;

(12) No person other than the intending bidder/ offerer themselves, or their duly authorised representative shall be allowed to participate in the e-Auction/sale proceedings. Such Authorisation Letter is required to submit along with the Bid Documents;

(13) The bid price shall be above the Reserve Price during e-auction and improve their offer in multiple of Rs. 50,000/- as incremental amount. The property will not be sold below the Reserve Price set by the Authorised Officer.

(14) The successful bidder is required to deposit 25% of the sale price (Inclusive of EMD) immediately not later than next working day by Demand Draft drawn in favour of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., payable at Ludhiana/Chandigarh/Delhi and the balance amount of sale price shall be paid by the successful bidder within 15 days from the date of confirmation of sale by Bank. The EMD as well as Sale Price paid by the interested bidders shall carry no interest. The deposit of EMD or 25%, whatever the case may be shall be forfeited by the Bank, if the successful bidder fails to adhere to the terms of sale or commits any default.

(15) On Compliance of terms of sale, Authorised Officer shall issue "Sale Certificate" in favour of highest bidder. All the expenses related to stamp duty, registration Charges, Conveyance, VAT, TDS etc. to be borne by the bidder/purchaser.

(16) Bank does not take any responsibility to procure any permission/NOC from any Authority or under any other law in force in respect of property offered or any other dues i.e. outstanding water/electric dues, property tax or other charges if any.

(17) The successful bidder shall bear all expenses including pending dues of any Development Authority if any/taxes/utility bills etc. to Municipal Corporation or any other authority/agency and fees payable for stamp duty/registration fee etc. for registration of the 'Sale Certificate'.

(18) The Successful Bidder is required to deposit the TDS 1% of the total auction amount in the name of the mortgagor if the Reserve auction amount is of Rs 50,00,000.00 ( Rupees Fifty Lakhs Only) or more. The Pan No. of Mrs. Shivani Pan Card No. CBPPS2337L & Mrs. Usha Sachar Pan Card No: AEBPS2004K.

(19) The Authorised Officer reserves the absolute right and discretion to accept or reject any or all the offers/bids or adjourn/cancel the sale without assigning any reason or modify any terms of sale without any prior notice.

(20) To the best of its knowledge and Information, the Bank is not aware of any encumbrances on the property to be sold except of Bank. Interested parties should make their own assessment of the property to their satisfaction. Bank does not in any way guarantee or makes any representation with regard to the fitness/itle of the aforesaid property. For any other information, the Authorised Officer shall not be held responsible for any charge, lien, encumbrances, property tax or any other dues to the Government or anybody in respect of the aforesaid property.

(21) Further interest will be charged as applicable, as per the Loan documents on the amount outstanding in the notice and incidental expenses, costs, etc., is due and payable till its realization.

(22) The notice is hereby given to the Borrower (s) /Mortgager(s)/ Guarantor(s), to remain present personally at the time of sale and they can bring the intending buyers/purchasers for purchasing the immovable property as described herein above, as per the particulars of Terms and Conditions of Sale.

(23) The immovable property will be sold to the highest bidder basis inter se bidding process.

(24) Bank is not responsible for any liabilities upon the property which is not in the knowledge of the Bank.

(25) That a case being Securitization Application is filed before DRT III Chandigarh vide TSA/10/2025, however there is no stay on the auction property.

The Borrower (s) /Mortgager(s) / Guarantor(s) are hereby given STATUTORY 15 DAYS NOTICE UNDER RULE 6(2), 8(6) & 9(1) OF THE SARFAESIACT to discharge the liability in full and pay the dues as mentioned above along with up to date interest and expenses with in Fifteen days from the date of this notice falling which the Secured Asset will be sold as per the terms and conditions mentioned above. In case there is any discrepancy between the publications of sale notice in English and Vernacular newspaper, then in such case the English newspaper will supersede the vernacular newspaper and it shall be considered as the final copy, thus removing the ambiguity. If the borrower/guarantors/mortgagers pays the amount due to Bank, in full before the date of sale, auction is liable to be stopped.

For detailed terms and conditions of the sale, contact the Bank officer Mr. Ashok Motwani @ 9873737351 & Mr Vikas J. @ 8700994755 at above mentioned Regional office of Bank.

**Special Instruction:** e-Auction shall be conducted by our Service Provider, M/s. C1 India Pvt Ltd on behalf of Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (KMBL), on pre-specified date, while the bidders shall be quoting from their own home/ offices/ place of their Bid as per their choice above the Reserve Price. Internet connectivity and other paraphernalia requirements shall have to be ensured by bidders themselves. Please note that failure of Internet connectivity (due to any reason whatsoever it may be) shall be sole responsibility of bidders and neither KMBL nor C1 India Pvt Ltd shall be responsible for these unforeseen circumstances. In order to ward-off such contingent situation, bidders are requested to make all the necessary arrangements/ alternatives whatever required so that they are able to circumvent such situation and still be able to participate in the e-Auction successfully. However, it is requested to the Bidder(s) not to wait till the last moment to quote/improve his/ her Bid to avoid any such complex situations.

Place: Ludhiana  
Date: 23-01-2026  
Sd/-  
Authorised Officer,
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.



# Business Standard CHANDIGARH | FRIDAY, 23 JANUARY 2026 15

## FORM G
### INVITATION FOR EXPRESSION OF INTEREST FOR
### IMPEX FERRO TECH LIMITED
### OPERATING IN IRON AND STEEL AT BURDWAN WEST BENGAL
(Under sub-regulation (1) of regulation 36A of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (Insolvency Resolution Process for Corporate Persons) Regulations, 2016)

#### RELEVANT PARTICULARS
1.  **Name of the corporate debtor along with PAN & CIN/LLP No.**  
    Impex Ferro Tech Limited  
    PAN-AAACF448R  
    CIN-L27101WB1995PLC071996
2.  **Address of the registered office**  
    35, Chittaranjan Avenue, 4th Floor, Kolkata, West Bengal 700013
3.  **URL of website**  
    www.ImpexFerroTech.com
4.  **Details of place where majority of fixed assets are located**  
    Kadavita Dendua Road, P.O. Kalyaneshwar, P.S. Kulti, Dist-Burdwan, West Bengal-713369
5.  **Installed capacity of main product/services**  
    Installed capacity - Submerged Arc Furnace 1no 3.60 MVA, 1 no. 5 MVA, 2 nos 7.5MVA, 1 nos 8.5MVA & 30 MW Power Plant
6.  **Quantity and value of main products/services sold in last financial year**  
    | Year | Qty (MT) | Sale (Rs. Crs) |
    | :--- | :--- | :--- |
    | 2022-23 | 17751.30 | 143.38 |
    | 2023-24 | 300.00 | 38.83 |
    | 2024-25 | - | 0.38 |
    | Note* Factory is closed from October 2022. |
    | Please refer financials results of the corporate debtor available on website: www.ImpexFerroTech.com |
7.  **Number of employees/workman**  
    The plant was operational till October 2022. As per annual report of March' 2025 there were no Employees/ Workmen on the payroll of Company.
8.  **Further details including last available financial statements (with schedule) of two years, list of creditors are available at URL:**  
    Refer Investor's Corner tab on https://www.ImpexFerroTech.com/investors_services.  
    Refer CIRP tab on www.ImpexFerroTech.com or send an email to cirp.ti@gmail.com for relevant dates and detailed Expression of Interest
9.  **Eligibility for resolution applicants under section 25(2)(h) of the Code is available at URL:**  
    Refer Expression of Interest (EOI) process document at available under CIRP tab on www.ImpexFerroTech.com or send an email to cirp.ti@gmail.com
10. **Last date for receipt of expression of interest**  
    9th February 2026
11. **Date of issue of provisional list of prospective resolution applicants**  
    19th February 2026
12. **Last date for submission of objections to provisional list**  
    24th February 2026
13. **Date of Issue of final list of prospective resolution applicants**  
    6th March 2026
14. **Date of issue of information memorandum, evaluation matrix and request for resolution plan to prospective resolution applicants**  
    11th March 2026
15. **Last date for submission of resolution plans**  
    10th April 2026
16. **Process email ID to submit Expression of Interest**  
    cirp.ti@gmail.com

Ashok Kumar Sarawagi  
(BBMIPA-001/P-PO0171/2017-18/10340)  
Resolution Professional  
Impex Ferro Tech Limited  
Email: cirp.ti@gmail.com  
Address Registered with IBBI: Poddar Court, 18, Rabindra Sarani, Gata no 3, 5th Floor, Room No-4, Kolkata - 700001  
Date: 23rd January 2026  
Place: Kolkata  
Email:sarawagilashok@gmail.com, AFA valid till June 30, 2025

----

## Genus Power Infrastructures Limited
(Registered Office: G-123, Sector-63, Noida-201307, Uttar Pradesh)  
Corporate Office: SPL-3, RICO Industrial Area, Sitapura, Tonk Road, Jaipur-302022, Rajasthan  
(Tel.: +81-120-2581899, E-mail: ca@genus.in, Website: www.genuspower.com;  
CIN: L51909UP1992PLC0051997)

### NOTICE OF RECORD DATE

Scheme of Arrangement amongst Genus Power Infrastructures Limited ("Company") or "Demerged Company"), Genus Prime Infra Limited ("Resulting Company"), Sansar Infrastructure Private Limited, Star Vanllya Private Limited, Sunima Trading Private Limited, and Yajur Commodities Limited and their respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ("Scheme")

With reference to the above Scheme and pursuant to Regulation 42 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company has fixed the Record Date as Friday, February 06, 2026, for the purpose of determining the shareholders of the Company to whom fully paid up equity shares of the Resulting Company shall be issued in consideration for the demerger of the Investment Business Division of the Company into the Resulting Company.

In view of the above, the Equity shareholders of the company whose names are recorded in the Register of Members and Records of Depositories as a Member of the Company on Friday, February 06, 2026, being the Record Date fixed by the Board of Directors, will be entitled for allotment of (1) (One) Equity share of face value ₹2/- each of the Resulting Company as fully paid up for every 6 (Six) Equity shares of face value of ₹1/- (One) each of the Company.

After the allotment of the Equity Shares by the Resulting Company, it would also complete necessary formalities and undertake steps to have the said Equity Shares listed on the stock exchange where its existing Equity Shares are listed.

In case any member holds equity shares in the Demerged Company in physical form, the Resulting Company will not issue its equity shares to such member but will, subject to Applicable Laws, issue the corresponding equity shares in dematerialized form into the Suspense Escrow account opened in the name of the Resulting Company where such equity shares will be held on behalf of such member. The equity shares of the Resulting Company so held in Suspense Escrow account shall be transferred to the respective member once such member provides details of his/ her demat account to the Resulting Company, along with such documents as may be required, by sending an email to cs.genusprime@gmail.com. The respective member shall have all the rights of the shareholders of Resulting Company, including the right to receive dividend, voting rights and other corporate benefits, pending the transfer/transmission of equity shares from the suspense escrow account.

Any fractional entitlement arising out of the issue and allotment of the shares issued by the Resulting Company, shall be rounded up to the next integer and be issued free from all liens, charges, equitable interests, encumbrances and other third-party rights of any nature whatsoever.

The equity shares to be issued by the Resulting Company, in respect of equity shares of the Demerged Company which are held in abeyance under the provisions of Section 126 of the Companies Act, 2013 (erstwhile Section 206A of the Companies Act, 1956) or are otherwise shall, pending allotment or settlement of the dispute by order of a court or otherwise, also be kept in abeyance by the Resulting Company.

The Information contained in this Notice is available on the website of the Company at https://genuspower.com/ and also on the website of the Stock Exchanges viz. BSE Limited at https://www.bseindia.com/ and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited at https://www.nseindia.com/.

For Genus Power Infrastructures Limited  
Place : Jaipur  
(Puran Singh Rathore)  
Date : January 22, 2026  
Joint Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

----

## PICCADILY AGRO INDUSTRIES LIMITED
CIN: L01115HR1994PLC032244, Regd. Office: Village Bhadson, Umr-Indri Road, Teh: Indri, Distt Kamal, Haryana-132109, Phone No. 0172-2997651.  
Website: www.piccadily.com; E-mail: ir@piccadily.com

### STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED UN-AUDITED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE QUARTER ENDED 31ST DECEMBER 2025  
(Rs. in lakhs except for EPS Data)

|Sr. No.|Particulars|Quarter Ended 31.12.2025 (Unaudited)|Nine Month Ended 30.09.2025 (Unaudited)|Year Ended 31.12.2024 (Unaudited)|31.12.2024 (Unaudited)|31.03.2025 (Audited)|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1.|Total Income from Operation (Net)|31,523.12|23,430.30|20832.32|77,820.82|61882.64|
|2.|Net Profit / (Loss) for the period (before tax, exceptional and/or extra ordinary items)|6,750.30|3,510.09|3616.29|12,747.14|8845.24|
|3.|Net Profit / Loss for the period before tax (after exceptional and/ or extra ordinary items)|6,750.30|3,514.46|3616.29|12,751.91|8845.24|
|4.|Net Profit / Loss for the period after tax (after extraordinary item)|4761.14|2600.39|2448.02|9,217.27|6268.74|
|5.|Total Comprehensive Income for the period (comprising Profit/Loss) for the period (after tax) and other Comprehensive Income (after tax)|4804.82|2708.46|2398.16|9473.85|6268.20|
|6.|Equity Share Capital (Paid up)|9849.77|9849.77|9433.89|9849.77|9433.84|
|7.|Other Equity (As at year end)|||||58574.90|
|8.|Earning per share of Rs. 10/- each (for continuing and discontinued operations)||||||
||1. Basic|4.63|2.74|2.63|9.56|6.62|
||2. Diluted|4.63|2.72|2.63|9.52|6.62|
|||||||10.84|


**NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS:**

1.  The above consolidated financial results have been prepared in accordance with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (Ind AS) prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015 and other relevant amendments thereunder.

2.  The above consolidated financial results have been reviewed by the Audit Committee in their meeting held on 7th January, 2026 and approved by Board of Directors in their meeting held on 21st January, 2026.

3.  One of the business segment is of seasonal nature, the performance in any quarter may not be representative of the annual performance of the company.

4.  The previous period/ year's figures have been regrouped wherever necessary to confirm to this period's classification.

5.  Commercial production at the Chhattisgarh Unit commenced on 31st December, 2025.

The abstract of Un-Audited Standalone Financial Results for the quarter ended 31st December 2025, as given below:

|Particulars|Quarter Ended 31.12.2025 (Unaudited)|Nine Month Ended 30.09.2025 (Unaudited)|Year Ended 31.12.2024 (Unaudited)|31.12.2024 (Unaudited)|31.03.2025 (Audited)|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Total Revenue from operations|31,523.12|23,430.30|20832.32|77,820.84|61882.64|
|Profit before tax from continuing operations|6,903.04|3,965.69|3672.00|12,899.97|8963.39|
|Profit after tax from continuing operations|4,813.87|2,660.78|2504.73|9,365.27|6427.93|
|Net profit / Loss for the period after Tax (After extra ordinary items)|4,813.87|2,660.78|2504.73|9,365.27|6427.93|
|Total Comprehensive Income for the period|4,813.87|2,660.78|2504.73|9,365.27|6427.93|
|Paid up Equity share capital|9,849.77|9,849.77|9433.83|9,849.77|9433.83|


For Piccadily Agro Industries Limited  
Place: Gurugram  
Harvinder Singh Chopra  
Managing Director  
Din-00120891  
Date: 21.01.2026

----

## IDFC FIRST Bank Limited
(erstwhile Capital First Limited and amalgamated with IDFC Bank Limited)  
CIN : L65110TN2014PLC097792  
Registered Office: - KRM Towers, 8th Floor, Harrington Road, Chetpet, Chennai- 600031.  
Tel : +91 44 4564 4000 | Fax: +91 44 4564 4022

### APPENDIX IV [Rule 8(1)]  
### POSSESSION NOTICE  
**(For immovable property)**

Whereas the undersigned being the Authorised Officer of the IDFC FIRST Bank Limited (erstwhile Capital First Limited and amalgamated with IDFC Bank Limited) under the Securitization and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002 and in exercise of powers conferred under section 13(12) read with rule 3 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 issued a demand notice dated 30.10.2025 calling upon the borrower, co-borrowers and guarantors (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 issued a demand notice dated 30.10.2025 calling upon the borrower, co-borrowers and guarantors

1.  SURINDER YADAV, 2. SUMAN SURINDER YADAV, to repay the amount mentioned in the notice being INR 15,65,761.92/- (Rupees Fifteen Lakh Sixty Five Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty One and Ninety Two Paise Only) as on 27.10.2025 within 60 days from the date of receipt of the said Demand notice.

The borrowers having failed to repay the amount, notice is hereby given to the borrower and the public in general that the undersigned has taken Possession of the property described herein below in exercise of powers conferred on him under sub - section (4) of section 13 of Act read with rule 8 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 on this 21th day of JAN 2026.

The borrowers in particular and the public in general is hereby cautioned not to deal with the property and any dealings with the property will be subject to the charge of THE IDFC FIRST Bank Limited (erstwhile Capital First Limited and amalgamated with IDFC Bank Limited) for an amount of INR 15,65,761.92/- (Rupees Fifteen Lakh Sixty Five Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty One and Ninety Two Paise Only) and interest thereon.

The borrower's attention is invited to provisions of sub - Section (8) Of Section 13 of the Act, in respect of time available, to redeem the secured assets.

#### DESCRIPTION OF THE IMMOVABLE PROPERTIES.

ALL THE PIECE AND PARCEL OF PLOT NO. 65, MEASURING 133 SQ. YD. SITUATED AT KHASRA NO. 70/14, KHTA NO. 98/123, KHASRA NO. 70/3/2, 4/2, 7, 8, KHTA NO. 96/121, HADBAST NO. 40, JAMABANDI YEAR 2012-2013, HIRA NAGAR COLONY, AMBALA CITY IN VILLAGE PATTI RANGRA, TESHIL AND DISTRICT: AMBALA, HARYANA-134003, AND BOUNDED AS:- EAST: RASTA 20 FT. WIDE, WEST: PLOT NO. 56, NORTH: PLOT NO. 64, SOUTH: PLOT NO. 66

Date: 21-01-2026  
Place: HARYANA  
Loan Account No: 59607500  
Authorised Officer  
IDFC FIRST Bank Limited (erstwhile Capital First Limited and amalgamated with IDFC Bank Limited)

----

## SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED
Registered Office: Limited registered office at Sri Towers, Plot No.14A, South Phase, Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai Tamil Nadu-600032, Tamil Nadu, and Wockhardt Towers, Level-3, C-2, G Block, Badra-Kurle Complex, Bandra (East) Mumbai-400051

### Branch Office: HANUMANGHAR ROAD OPP PETROL PUMP NERA FLY OVER ABOHAR

### SYMBOLIC POSSESSION NOTICE

Where as, the undersigned being the authorised officer of Shriram Finance Limited (SFL) under the provisions of the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002 (said Act) and in exercise of powers conferred under Section 13(12) of the said Act read with Rule 3 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 (said Rules) issued demand notices to the Borrowers details of which are mentioned in the table below to repay the amount mentioned in the said demand notices.

The Borrowers having failed to repay the amount, notice is hereby given to the Borrowers and the public in general that the undersigned has taken Symbolic Possession of the property described herein below In exercise of powers conferred on him/her under Section 13(4) of the said Act read with rule 8 of the said Rules, on this 17th day of January 2026.

**Name and Address of Borrower/Co-Borrower** | **Description of Property** | **Amount due as per Demand Notice & Demand Notice Dated**
--- | --- | ---
Mr. Amarpal Singh S/o Mr. Jagtar Singh , R/o Jandwala Meera Sangla Fazilka , Punjab, 152128 Mrs. Sandeep Kaur W/o Amarpal Singh S/o Mr. Jagtar Singh R/o Jandwala Meera Sangla Fazilka , Punjab, 152128 Mr. Gurpreet Singh S/o Mr. Jagtar Singh , R/o Jandwala Meera Sangla Fazilka , Punjab, 152128 | Cdabotf2111260015 -description To Pay Rs. 2160168.72 Twenty one lakh sixty thousand one hundred sixty eight rupees and seventy two paisa Immovable Property House only Measuring 1 KIs 3 4.50 Sarsahi A/c No: - CDABOTF2111260015 Detailed As Under: 1) Property Demand Notice dated 29-10-2025 Measuring 0 KI 5 Mis 2.25 Sarsahi 2) Property Measuring 0 KI 5 Mis 2.25 Sarsahi 21/316 Share Of Total 3 KIs 19 Mis Comprised in Rect No.100 Killa No.22/1/1(3-19) Khowat No 934 Khatoni No.1147& 2) Property Measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 Share Of Total 1 KIs 1 Mis Comprised In Rect No.100 Killa 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.934 Khatoni No. 1147 & 2) Property measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.930 Khatoni No. 1140 & 3) Property Measuring 0 KI 16 Mis 4.50 Sarsahi 33/522 Share Of Total 13 KIs 1 Mis Comprised In Khowat No.166 Khatoni No. 196 Situated At Village Jandwala Mira Sangla Tehsil Fazilka As Per Jamabandi For The Year 2018-2019( Transfer Deed No.2021-22/56/1/2982 Dated:28-10-2021)& | 21/316 Share Of Total 3 KIs 19 Mis Comprised in Rect No.100 Killa No.22/1/1(3-19) Khowat No 934 Khatoni No.1147& 2) Property Measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 Share Of Total 1 KIs 1 Mis Comprised In Rect No.100 Killa 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.934 Khatoni No. 1147 & 2) Property measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.930 Khatoni No. 1140 & 3) Property measuring 0 KI 16 Mis 4.50 Sarsahi 33/522 share of total 13 KIs 1 Mis comprized in Khowat No.166 Khatoni No. 196 situated at village Jandwala Mira Sangla Tehsil Fazilka as per Jamabandi for the year 2018-2019( Transfer Deed No 2021-22/56/1/2981 Dated:28-10-2021).

Ownership Sandeep Kaur: Immoveable property House measuring 1 KI 3 Mis 4.50 Sarsabi detailed as under.

1)  Property measuring 0 KI 5 Mis 2.25 Sarsahi 21/316 share of total 3 KIs 19 Mis comprised in Rect No.100 Killa No.22/1/1(3-19) Khowat No.934 Khatoni No. 1147 & 2) Property measuring 0 KI 1 Mis 6.75 Sarsahi 1/12 share of total 1 KIs 1 Mis comprized No.930 Khatoni No. 1140 & 3) Property measuring 0 KI 16 Mis 4.50 Sarsahi 33/522 share of total 13 KIs 1 Mis comprized in Khowat No.166 Khatoni No. 196 situated at village Jandwala Mira Sangla Tehsil Fazilka as per Jamabandi for the year 2018-2019( Transfer Deed No 2021-22/56/1/2981 Dated:28-10-2021).

This notice is also hereby to caution the general public at large that the authorized officer of SFL is in the lawful Symbolic Possession of the immovable property mentioned herein above and the Borrowers or any person shall not after receipt of this notice transfer by way of sale, lease or otherwise deal with/ alienate any of the above-mentioned secured assets referred to in this notice, without prior written consent of SFL.

Date : 17.01.2026  
Place: Fazilka  
Authorised Officer, Shriram Finance Limited

----

## SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED
Registered Office: Limited registered office at Sri Towers, Plot No.14A, South Phase, Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai Tamil Nadu-600032, Tamil Nadu, and Wockhardt Towers, Level-3, C-2, G Block, Badra-Kurle Complex, Bandra (East) Mumbai-400051

### Branch Office: BIBI WALA ROAD BATHINDA

### SYMBOLIC POSSESSION NOTICE

Where as, the undersigned being the authorised officer of Shriram Finance Limited (SFL) under the provisions of the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002 (said Act) and in exercise of powers conferred under Section 13(12) of the said Act read with Rule 3 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 (said Rules) issued demand notices to the Borrowers details of which are mentioned in the table below to repay the amount mentioned in the said demand notices.

The Borrowers having failed to repay the amount, notice is hereby given to the Borrowers and the public in general that the undersigned has taken Symbolic Possession of the property described herein below in exercise of powers conferred on him/her under Section 13(4) of the said Act read with rule 8 of the said Rules, on this 17th day of JAN '2026.

**Name and Address of Borrower/Co-Borrower** | **Description of Property** | **Amount due as per Demand Notice & Demand Notice Dated**
--- | --- | ---
Mr. Avtar Singh S/o Jaswant Singh, Gurudwara Tibi Sahib Road, Sada Patti, Jaitu, Faridkot, Jaitu, Punjab. 151202 Mrs. Rajpal Kaur W/o: Aviar Singh, Gurudwara Tibbl Sahib Road, Sada Patti, Jaitu, Faridkot, Jaitu, Punjab. 151202 | Bhatitf1703310010-Description Of The Immovable Property Property Measuring 8 Marle 3 one only Sarsaiyan, 1.e 75/2979 Share Of A/c No: - BHATITF1703310010 Demand Notice dated 29-10-2025 Khasra No 826 (16/11) Khewat/ Khatuni No 499/732As Per Jamabandi For The Year 2014-15 Jaitu 2, house No 231 Ward No 3, Tibbi Sahib Road Jaitu | To Pay Rs.2091551.00 Twenty lakh ninety one thousand five hundred fifty one only

This notice is also hereby to caution the general public at large that the authorized officer of SFL is in the lawful Symbolic Possession of the immovable property mentioned herein above and the Borrowers or any person shall not after receipt of this notice transfer by way of sale, lease or otherwise deal with/ alienate any of the above-mentioned secured assets referred to in this notice, without prior written consent of SFL.

Date : 17.01.2026  
Place: Bathinda  
Authorised Officer, Shriram Finance Limited

----

## CSL Finance Limited
Reg. off.: 410-412,18/12, 4th Floor, W.E.A, Arya Samaj Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi-110005, Corp. off.: 716-717, 7th Floor, Tower B, World Trade Tower, Sector 16, Noida,201301, UttarPradesh, Ph.: +91 120 4290650/52/53/54/55, Email: info@csifinance.in, Legal@csifinance.in, Web.: www.csifinance.in

### PUBLIC AUCTION NOTICE FOR SALE OF IMMOVABLE PROPERTY UNDER THE SECURITISATION AND RECONSTRUCTION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE SECURITY INTEREST ACT 2002 ("SARFAESI Act 2002")

Notice is hereby given to the public in general that the below mentioned Borrower/Co-Borrower mortgaged the Immovable Property (which is described hereunder) to CSL Finance Limited ("Lender"), and the symbolic possession of the said Immovable Property ("Secured Asset/Property") has been taken over by the Authorized Officer of the Lender in accordance of the SARFAESI Act 2002 and rules framed thereto. The Secured Asset will be sold by the Lender through public auction by bidding for realization of the loan dues, along with the applicable Interest, fees, charges and costs etc. The Secured Asset is being sold on and the bidding will be held on "AS IS, AS IS WHAT IS, WHATEVER THERE IS AND WITHOUT RECOURSE BASIS" under the rule number 8 & 9 of the Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules (hereinafter referred to as the rules) and on the terms and conditions specified here-under:

**Borrower/Security Provider: Hunamal Sharma**  
**Co-Borrower : Ashok Kumar**  
**Address- 80 C East Pana Adampur East Pana Adampur Mandi, Hisar Hayzri 125052**  
**Loan Account No.: SMEHISO10002494**  
**Co-Borrower : Ashok Kumar**  
**Address- 80 C East Pana Adampur East Pana Adampur Mandi, Hisar Hayzri 125052**  
**Amount dues as per Demand Notice dated 04.03.2025: Rs 20,11,853/- (Rupees Twenty Lakh Eleven Thousand Eight Hundred and Fifty Three Only) as on 03.03.2025 along with future Interest, fees, costs and charges. Total Amount outstanding as on 21.01.2026: Rs.24,99,648/- (Rupees Twenty-Four Lakhs Ninety Nine Thousand Six Hundred and Forty-Eight Only) along with future Interest, fees, costs and charges.**

|Title Holder Name|Property Description|Place, Date and Time of the Auction of the Secured Asset.|Reserve price/ EMD/Bid Increment|
|-|-|-|-|
|Hunamal Sharma|Land Measuring 00K-09M Being ½ Share Out of The Total Land Measuring 00K-18M Comprised in Khowat No.1109, Khataduni No.2084 Khasra No.359/(0-18) As Per Jamabandi For The Year 2002-2003 of Village Adampur Situated at Adampur Tehsil Adampur District Hisar. Boundaries And Dimensions Of The Immovable Property Are As Under: - As Per Actual/Technical Valuation Report: North- 30.5 Ft and Co Street 15 Ft Wide, South- 30.5 Ft and House Of Baluram, East-76.25 Ft and House of Richepal, West-76.25 Ft and House of Krishan Lal.|Date: 24th February -2026 Time: 11:00 AM Place CSL FINANCE LIMITED|Reserve Price: Rs. 15,00,000/- EMD: Minimum 15% of Reserve Price. i.e., Rs.2,25,000/-|


Last Date and time for submission of the request letter for participation along with KYC Documents/ Proof of EMD etc. 23rd February -2026 at 4:00PM

**DATE AND TIME FOR INSPECTION OF THE SECURED ASSETS: FROM 23/01/2026 TO 23/02/2026 BETWEEN 11:00 AM TO 3:00 PM**

**Details of the Authorized Officer's: Name: Mr. Ravinder. Email: legal@csifinance.in Mob No. 9773896803**

**Terms and Conditions of the Public Auction are as under: 1. Public Auction is being held on "AS IS WHERE IS, AS IS WHAT IS AND WITHOUT RECOURSE BASIS" and is being sold with all the existing and future encumbrances whether known or unknown to CSL Finance Limited. The bid form, Declaration, General Terms and Conditions of Public Auction can be obtained from office of CSL FINANCE LIMITED Office at Shop No. 17, 2nd Floor, Mahabir Colony, B.M.K Market, Behind Hive Hotel, G.T Road, Panipat, Haryana - 122108 2. The Secured asset will not be sold below the Reserve Price. 3. To the best of the knowledge and information of the Authorized Officer, there is no encumbrance on the property. However, it is necessary that the Intending bidders should make their own independent inquiries regarding any claims, charges, dues, encumbrances and should satisfy about the title, extent/measurement of the property prior to submitting their bid. For any discrepancy in the property the participating bidder is solely responsible for all future recourses from the date of submission of bid. 4. The sale is subject to confirmation by the Authorized officer, if the Borrower/guarantor pays the entire outstanding in full before sale, no sale will be conducted. 5. No claim of whatsoever nature regarding the property put up for sale, charges/encumbrances over the property or on any other matter etc. will be entertained after submission of the bid. 6. The Authorized Officer/CSL will not be responsible for any charge, lien, encumbrance, property tax dues, electricity dues etc. or any other dues to the Government, local authority or anybody, in respect of the property under sale. 7. The Public Auction notice/advertisement does not constitute and will not be deemed to constitute any offer, commitment or any representation of CSL Finance Limited. The Authorized Officer/CSL shall not be responsible in any way for any third party claims/rights/dues. 8. The Sale shall be subject to the rules/conditions prescribed under the SARFAESI Act 2002 and rules thereto. 9. It shall be the responsibility of the bidders to inspect (a) the title and link documents and (b) the property and satisfy themselves about the secured asset and specification before submitting the bid. Before entering the premises for inspection, it is necessary that the interested purchaser shall provide their identity, address and contact details in the register confirming their entry and exit from property under their signature. 10. The interested bidders shall submit their bids along with EMD, which shall be payable only through D.D/NEFT/ RGTs in favour of CSL Finance Limited payable at Noida on or before the last day and time mentioned above. 11. The Bids along with other documents must be submitted to the Authorized Officer in a sealed envelope mentioning "Offer for Purchase- Mr. Hunamal Sharma, LAN: SMEHIS010002494 to reach the Authorized Officer on or before the last date of submission of the Bids. 12. The bidder is supposed to submit the following documents at the time of submission of the bid: i) Proof of EMD paid ii) copy of the Pan Card iii) Proof of identification/ Address proof/Aadhaar Card/KYC (self-attested copies) without which the bid is liable to be rejected. 13. The bidder alone can participate in the public auction proceeding and no other person is permitted. 14. The successful Bidder must deposit 25% of the purchase amount (after adjusting the EMD already paid) immediately upon the acceptance of the offer and declaration of the successful bidder by the Authorized officer, failing which the EMD paid shall be forfeited and cannot be claimed by the bidder from CSL Finance Limited. 15. The balance 75% of the purchase amount must be deposited by the successful bidder within 15 days, failing which the amounts already deposited by the bidder shall stand automatically forfeited without further notice and no request for refunds whatsoever shall be entertained. Further, the property will be put to re-auction and the defaulting bidder shall have no claim/right in respect of the property/amount and will not be eligible to participate in the re-auction. If any, 16. No Interest is applicable to EMD or any amount deposited by the bidders/successful bidder in respect of sale of secured asset. 17. The Purchaser/successful bidder shall bear the (a) applicable stamp duty/registration/transfer charges; (b) all the statutory, non-statutory, conversion, electricity, sewage charges, any dues, cess, fees, taxes, rates, assessment charges etc. owing to any person, association or authority shall be borne by the successful Bidder only. 18. Sale certificate shall be issued in the prescribed format in favor of successful bidder only. 19. The successful bidder shall have to arrange for registration etc., and his/her/its cost of the sale certificate as per the provisions of prevailing Stamp and Registration Act. The successful bidder shall bear the charges for conveyance, registration fee, stamp duty, fees etc. as applicable. 20. In case of sale of property subject to any encumbrances, the successful bidder/purchaser shall deposit money required to discharge the encumbrance including interest, cost, expenses etc. If any to the Authorized officer. 21. In case if the public auction is stopped, stayed, postponed or rescheduled or cancelled, a public notice will be put on the notice board of CSL branch and no personalized/individual communication in this regard will be sent to any of the bidders or otherwise. 22. Submission of bid by the bidders is construed that they have read, understood and accepted the terms and conditions governing the public auction. 23. EMD of unsuccessful bidders shall be returned to the closure of auction proceedings. 24. The Authorized officer is not bound to accept the highest offer/bid and the Authorized officer has absolute right to accept or reject any or all offer(s) or adjourn/postpone/cancel the public auction without assigning any reason thereof. 25. For more information please contact with Authorized officer: 9773896803**

Date: 22.01.2026  
Place: Hisar (Haryana)  
Sd/-  
Authorized Officer,  
CSL Finance Ltd.

----

## KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK LTD.
Corporate Identity No. L65110MH1985PLC038137  
Registered Office: - 27 BKC, C 27, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 061. Regional Office, Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., BPCAH Mall, 2nd Floor, 68,68/1, Rajaghar Road, Industrial Area, Moll Nagar, New Delhi -110015. Branch Office: - KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK LTD., SCO -155-154-155, 1ST FLOOR, SECTOR 9 C, CHANDIGARH, 160009 & SCO 2, SCD 120, 6TH FLOOR, FEROZE BANDH MARKET, LUDHIANA, 141001

### PUBLIC NOTICE FOR AUCTION CUM SALE

Notice is hereby given to the public in general and in particular to the Borrower/Co-Borrower/Guarantor/Mortgagor that the below described Immovable property mortgaged to Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd, and the Physical Possession of which has been taken over by the Authorised Officer of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd, which will be sold on "AS IS WHERE IS" "WHATEVER THERE IS" AND "AS IS WHAT IS" basis. Offers are invited to take part in e-auction through the Web Portal of our e-Auction Service Partner, M/s.C1 India Pvt Ltd (www.c1india.com) Le https://www.bankauctions.com by the undersigned for sale of the immovable property of which particulars are given below:-

**Name of the Mortgagors** | **Demand Notice Date and Amount** | **Description of the Immovable properties** | **Reserve Price** | **Date of Inspection of Immovable properties**
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
1. Mrs. Shivanl W/O Mr. Vikram Kumar (Borrower/Mortgagor) 2. Mrs. Usha Sachar W/O LT. Sh. R. k Sachar (Co-Borrower/ Mortgagor) 3. Mr. Vikram Kumar S/O Mr. Harish Kumar (Co-Borrower) (Loan Account No. LAP-18122702) | Demand Notice Dated 13-08-2024 Amount: Rs. 37,50,141/- (RUPEES Thirty- Seven Lakhs Fifty Thousand and Forty-One Only) | ALL THE PARTS AND PARCEL OF THE PROPERTIES BEARING ADDRESS: Plot No. 1573, Measuring 250 Square, Yards situated at Phase-II, Urban Estate, Dhandari Kalan, (PUDA), and Ludhiana 141010. In the name of Mrs. Shivanl W/O Mr. Vikram Kumar & Mrs. Usha Sachar W/O Late Sh. R.K Sachar. Boundaries: East: Plot No. 1572, 75'00", West: Plot No. 1574, 75'00", North: Road, 30 Ft, South: Green Well, 30'00" | Rs. 1,45,90,800/- (Rupees One Crore Forty-Five Lakhs Ninety Thousand Eight Hundred Only) | 13/02/2026 11:00 hrs. – 12:00 hrs. |

|||||Date/ time of Auction|
|-|-|-|-|-|
|||||17/02/2026 from 11:00 hrs. to 12:00 hrs.|
|||||Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 10% of Bid Amount|
|||||Type of Possession: Physical|


**Last Date for Submission of Offers / EMD: - 16/02/2026 till 5.00 pm.**

**Important Terms & Conditions of Sale:**

(1) The Auction is conducted as per the further Terms and Conditions of the Bid document and as per the procedure set out therein. Bidders may go through the website of our E-Auction Service Provider, M/s.C1 India Pvt Ltd i.e. https://www.bankauctions.com_ for bid documents, the details of the secured asset put up for e-Auction and the Bid Form which will be submitted to the authorized officer at the branch office/regional office as provided herein;

(2) All the intending purchasers/bidders are required to register their name in the Web Portal mentioned above as https://www.bankauctions.com and generate their User ID and Password in free of cost of their own to participate in the e-Auction on the date and time aforesaid;

(3) For any enquiry, Information, support, procedure and online training on e-Auction, the prospective bidders may contact the M/s C1 India Pvt Ltd Department of our e-Auction Service Partner Mr. P Dharani Krishna, through Tel. No.: +91 7291971124,25,26_, Mobile No.: 9948182222 & E-mail ID: andhra@ctindia.com & support@bankeauctions.com;

(4) To the best of knowledge and information of the Authorised officer, there is no encumbrance in the properties/ies. However, the intending bidders may inspect the property and its documents as mentioned above or any other date & time with prior appointment and they should make their own independent inquiries regarding the encumbrance, title of properties put on e-Auction and claims/rights/affecting the property prior to submitting their bid. The e-Auction advertisement does not constitute any commitment or any representation of KMBL. The property is being sold with all the existing and future encumbrances whether known or unknown to KMBL. The Authorised officer/Secured Creditor shall not be responsible in any way for any third party claims/rights/dues;

(5) For participating in the e-Auction, Intending purchasers/bidders will have to submit/upload In the Web Portal (https://www.bankauctions.com) the details of payment of interest-free refundable Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) of the secured asset as mentioned above by way of Demand Draft in favour of 'Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited' payable at Ludhiana/Chandigarh/Delhi along with self-attested copies of the PAN Card, Aadhaar Card, Residence Address Proof, Board Resolutions in case of company and Address Proof as specified above along with the requisite bid/tender form in this regard.

(6) The EMD of all other bidders who did not succeed in the e-Auction will be refunded by KMBL within 72 working hours of the closure of the e-Auction. The EMD will not carry any interest;

(7) The balance amount of purchase consideration shall be payable by the Successful Purchaser/ Bidder on or before the fifteenth (15th) day from the date of 'Confirmation of Sale' of the said secured asset by the Authorised Officer/ Secured Creditor or such extended period as may be agreed upon in writing by the Authorised Officer at his/ her discretion. In case of default, all amounts deposited till then shall be liable to be forfeited;

(8) For inspection of property or more information, the prospective bidders may contact the Authorised Representative, Mr. Ashok Motwani (Mobile No.: +91 9873737351, E-mail ID: Ashok.motwani@kotak.com);

(9) At any stage of the e-Auction, the Authorised Officer may accept/reject/modify/cancel the bid/offer or postpone the e-Auction without assigning any reason thereof and without any prior notice. In case any bid is rejected, Authorised Officer can negotiate with any of the rendered or Intending bidders or other parties for sale of property by Private Treaty;

(10) Sale is subject to the confirmation by the Authorised Officer. The Successful Purchaser/ Bidder shall bear any statutory dues, taxes, fees, payable, stamp duty, registration fees, etc. that is required to be paid in order to get the property conveyed/delivered in his/her/its favour as per the applicable law;

(11) The sale shall be subject to rules/conditions prescribed under the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002, as amended from time to time; it shall solely be the responsibility of the Successful Bidder/ Purchaser to get the sale registered. All expenses relating to stamp duty, registration charges, transfer charges and any other expenses and charges in respect of the registration of the sale for the above referred property shall be borne by the Successful Bidder/ Purchaser. The sale has to be registered at the earliest else the purchaser has to give the request letter to KMBL mentioning the reason of delaying the registration;

(12) No person other than the intending bidder/ offerer themselves, or their duly authorised representative shall be allowed to participate in the e-Auction/sale proceedings. Such Authorisation Letter is required to submit along with the Bid Documents;

(13) The bid price shall be above the Reserve Price during e-auction and improve their offer in multiple of Rs. 50,000/- as incremental amount. The property will not be sold below the Reserve Price set by the Authorised Officer.

(14) The successful bidder is required to deposit 25% of the sale price (Inclusive of EMD) immediately not later than next working day by Demand Draft drawn in favour of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., payable at Ludhiana/Chandigarh/Delhi and the balance amount of sale price shall be paid by the successful bidder within 15 days from the date of confirmation of sale by Bank. The EMD as well as Sale Price paid by the interested bidders shall carry no interest. The deposit of EMD or 25%, whatever the case may be shall be forfeited by the Bank, if the successful bidder fails to adhere to the terms of sale or commits any default.

(15) On Compliance of terms of sale, Authorised Officer shall issue "Sale Certificate" in favour of highest bidder. All the expenses related to stamp duty, registration Charges, Conveyance, VAT, TDS etc. to be borne by the bidder/purchaser.

(16) Bank does not take any responsibility to procure any permission/NOC from any Authority or under any other law in force in respect of property offered or any other dues i.e. outstanding water/electric dues, property tax or other charges if any.

(17) The successful bidder shall bear all expenses including pending dues of any Development Authority if any/taxes/utility bills etc. to Municipal Corporation or any other authority/agency and fees payable for stamp duty/registration fee etc. for registration of the 'Sale Certificate'.

(18) The Successful Bidder is required to deposit the TDS 1% of the total auction amount in the name of the mortgagor if the Reserve auction amount is of Rs 50,00,000.00 ( Rupees Fifty Lakhs Only) or more. The Pan No. of Mrs. Shivani Pan Card No. CBPPS2337L & Mrs. Usha Sachar Pan Card No: AEBPS2004K.

(19) The Authorised Officer reserves the absolute right and discretion to accept or reject any or all the offers/bids or adjourn/cancel the sale without assigning any reason or modify any terms of sale without any prior notice.

(20) To the best of its knowledge and Information, the Bank is not aware of any encumbrances on the property to be sold except of Bank. Interested parties should make their own assessment of the property to their satisfaction. Bank does not in any way guarantee or makes any representation with regard to the fitness/itle of the aforesaid property. For any other information, the Authorised Officer shall not be held responsible for any charge, lien, encumbrances, property tax or any other dues to the Government or anybody in respect of the aforesaid property.

(21) Further interest will be charged as applicable, as per the Loan documents on the amount outstanding in the notice and incidental expenses, costs, etc., is due and payable till its realization.

(22) The notice is hereby given to the Borrower (s) /Mortgager(s)/ Guarantor(s), to remain present personally at the time of sale and they can bring the intending buyers/purchasers for purchasing the immovable property as described herein above, as per the particulars of Terms and Conditions of Sale.

(23) The immovable property will be sold to the highest bidder basis inter se bidding process.

(24) Bank is not responsible for any liabilities upon the property which is not in the knowledge of the Bank.

(25) That a case being Securitization Application is filed before DRT III Chandigarh vide TSA/10/2025, however there is no stay on the auction property.

The Borrower (s) /Mortgager(s) / Guarantor(s) are hereby given STATUTORY 15 DAYS NOTICE UNDER RULE 6(2), 8(6) & 9(1) OF THE SARFAESIACT to discharge the liability in full and pay the dues as mentioned above along with up to date interest and expenses with in Fifteen days from the date of this notice falling which the Secured Asset will be sold as per the terms and conditions mentioned above. In case there is any discrepancy between the publications of sale notice in English and Vernacular newspaper, then in such case the English newspaper will supersede the vernacular newspaper and it shall be considered as the final copy, thus removing the ambiguity. If the borrower/guarantors/mortgagers pays the amount due to Bank, in full before the date of sale, auction is liable to be stopped.

For detailed terms and conditions of the sale, contact the Bank officer Mr. Ashok Motwani @ 9873737351 & Mr Vikas J. @ 8700994755 at above mentioned Regional office of Bank.

**Special Instruction:** e-Auction shall be conducted by our Service Provider, M/s. C1 India Pvt Ltd on behalf of Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (KMBL), on pre-specified date, while the bidders shall be quoting from their own home/ offices/ place of their Bid as per their choice above the Reserve Price. Internet connectivity and other paraphernalia requirements shall have to be ensured by bidders themselves. Please note that failure of Internet connectivity (due to any reason whatsoever it may be) shall be sole responsibility of bidders and neither KMBL nor C1 India Pvt Ltd shall be responsible for these unforeseen circumstances. In order to ward-off such contingent situation, bidders are requested to make all the necessary arrangements/ alternatives whatever required so that they are able to circumvent such situation and still be able to participate in the e-Auction successfully. However, it is requested to the Bidder(s) not to wait till the last moment to quote/improve his/ her Bid to avoid any such complex situations.

Place: Ludhiana  
Date: 23-01-2026  
Sd/-  
Authorised Officer,
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.


